How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What are liver enzymes ?
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
What do Mormons believe ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
What is ethology ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
What is titanium ?
What is a caldera ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
What is the origin of head lice ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
How do you make a paintball ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
How was the element calcium named ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
What is a transistor ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
What are equity securities ?
What is gymnophobia ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
What is the origin of the word , JJ .
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
How you can raise your IQ ?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
What is a dental root canal ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
What are hook worms ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What is the 401 , K , plan ?
What causes pneumonia ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
What does gringo mean ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
How do I start a web based business ?
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
How many species of sharks are there ?
What is `` snoogans '' ?
How many people are there in the world ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
When did beethoven die ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
What is paracetamol ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
When did World War I start ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
What is molybdenum ?
When is Boxing Day ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
What does NASDAQ stand for ?
What is BPH ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
How did the tradition of best man start ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
How is silk screening done ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How does a rainbow form ?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
What is the population of Ohio ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
How does a copier work ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
What is the function of RAM ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
What is dry ice ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How is energy created ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
What year did Hitler die ?
What is Jane Goodall known for ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is a firewall ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What do economists do ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
What does SIDS stand for ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What is a nanometer ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
When did CNN go on the air ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
When did Muhammad live ?
What is a wop ?
Where do rocks come from ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
What is viscosity ?
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is a green bog ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
What is color ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
When is Bastille Day ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
What is the origin of the word , magic ?
What is white chocolate ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
How fast is light ?
What are shooting stars ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
What are amphibians ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
What is Bombay duck ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What is the wingspan of a condor ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
What does the name Shawn mean ?
How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
How do I start a bank ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
What is Olestra ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
When was Hurricane Hugo ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
What is prepared mustard ?
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
What is measured in curies ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
What is Spumante ?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
What is an isthmus ?
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What does NAFTA stand for ?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
What are the seven virtues ?
When was the San Francisco fire ?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
What year did the Vietnam War end ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What makes thunder ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
What was archy , and mehitabel ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
What is Australia Day ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
What causes someone to be ticklish ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
What is the Immaculate Conception ?
What is Candlemas Day ?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
What is a pyrotechnic display ?
How do I find out about jobs ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
How many James Bond novels are there ?
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
What is Plc ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
How many acres in a mile ?
What is a hyperlink ?
Where did marijuana come from ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
What does Elysium mean ?
What is Shalom ?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
What is the executor in a will ?
How many people in America snore ?
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
What is an arab strap ?
How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
When was the slinky invented ?
What causes rust ?
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
What is a handheld PC ?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
How many calories are in a tomato ?
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
When was Dick Clark born ?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
What happened to Moon Maiden ?
What are the Urals ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
How big is a quart ?
What is the Hub of London ?
What causes panic attacks ?
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
What is typhoid fever ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
Why are there olives in martinis ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
What is the highest Roman numeral ?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
What does Las Vegas mean ?
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
What is graduate school ?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
How many horses died during the civil war ?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
How do you reference a website ?
What is pandoro ?
What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
How do I install a tile floor ?
Why was the zipper invented ?
How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
Define cosmology .
What are amicable numbers ?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
What is a stratocaster ?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
How many questions do you have on your database ?
How do clouds form ?
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
How much does the President get paid ?
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
What is the Home Rule Act ?
What are Bellworts ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What does the name Kelly mean ?
What is a phalanx ?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
What does e.g. stand for ?
How do storms form ?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
What is God ?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
What is a meerkat ?
What is cache memory ?
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
What does IBM stand for ?
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
What is the C programming language ?
What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
What is the origin of the atom ?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
Why are haunted houses popular ?
How fast do cheetahs run ?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
How far is London UK from California ?
What is the virus HIV ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
What is real time processing ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
What is the life span of the average monkey ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
What are tonsils for ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
What is hebephrenia ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
How can you prevent it ?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
What are perfect tenses ?
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
What is a bourdon tube ?
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
What is film noir ?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
What is Head Start ?
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
What is saltpeter ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
How can someone become a federal agent ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
How can you be happy ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
How many people live in the Falklands ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
What is the regular price ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
What is the largest variety of cactus ?
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
When was Queen Victoria born ?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
When was Yemen reunified ?
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
What does NECROSIS mean ?
What is magnetar ?
What is the federal minimum wage ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
What is a Devo hat ?
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
How many people live in Tokyo ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
What is a dangling participle ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
How old is the sun ?
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
What is moxie ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
What is Nitrox diving ?
What happened in the Long March ?
How can I find online spelling ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
What is a gas release event ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
How long is human gestation ?
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
How can I find out my Moon sign ?
Why does a candle need a wick ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
What is pasta ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
What does CNN stand for ?
What is a neurosurgeon ?
What are amaretto biscuits ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
How do I give a good massage ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Why do men snore ?
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
What does an echidna look like ?
What is the secret of the universe ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
What is tumbled marble ?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
What are the Valdez Principles ?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
What is digitalis ?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
What is the date of Bastille Day ?
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
Why do magnets attract ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
How do I impress a guy ?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
What are the alveoli ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
What is ethylene ?
What is the population in India ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
How long do flies live ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
What is deadrise , nautical , ?
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
How long does a human live ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
What is a gandy dancer ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
How do you write a book report ?
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
When was the first Barbie produced ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
What is a wart ?
What is spaceball played on ?
How does rabies spread ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
When did the Jurassic Period end ?
What caused the Titanic to sink ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
How does an ion drive work ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
What is a courier ?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
What does LOL mean ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What does e=mc2 mean ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What causes asthma ?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
What is a heuristic ?
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
Why can 't ostriches fly ?
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
How much salt is in the oceans ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
What is dew point ?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
How do you become a dentist ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What is the population of Mozambique ?
What is multimedia ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
What does hazmat stand for ?
What is `` bloodhound '' ?
How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
What does IOC stand for ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
How does a glacier form ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
What is the average weight for a man ?
What does palindromic mean ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
What is the Socratic method ?
What is hypertext ?
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
What day of the week was July 13 ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
What year was the NAACP founded ?
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
What is Greek pita ?
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
What is narcolepsy ?
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
What is the size of Argentina ?
What is leukemia ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
How many grooves are on a dime ?
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
What is hyperopia ?
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is e-commerce ?
How did names come about ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
What year was the ATM first introduced ?
What does 7847+5943 equal ?
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
What is swap math ?
What is hypnotherapy ?
What is RCD ?
How large is Missouri 's population ?
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
What is the root of all evil ?
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
How many varieties of apple are there ?
Why does it snow ?
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
How do windmills work ?
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
How did Rocky Marciano die ?
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
What is the definition of hazmat ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
What is crabgrass ?
What does SHIELD stand for ?
What is The Gay Science ?
Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
What is a Guild ?
What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
When do you plant winter wheat ?
What will a compass do in outer space ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
What is a hydrogen bond ?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
How many corners does a spritsail have ?
What is a multiplexer ?
What are the Poconos ?
What does caliente mean , in English ?
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
What is thalassemia ?
How far can you see ?
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
What is June 's birthstone ?
Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
How do telephones work ?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
What is diabetes ?
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
What 's a short ton ?
How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
What is goldenseal ?
What is the Lost Colony ?
How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
What is Tetrinet ?
How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
What age is Benny Carter ?
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
What is amezaiku ?
How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
How do you handle a hungry man ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How much does a poodle weigh ?
What is Zionism ?
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
What else has the swastika stood for ?
Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
How many people have been Captain America ?
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
How do you box train a cat ?
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
How does lightning travel ?
What is troilism ?
What is HTML ?
How do you identify prime numbers ?
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
What 's a water funnel ?
What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
What does an emperor do ?
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
How does hair curl ?
How long do hermit crabs live ?
What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
What date did man first land on the moon ?
How many web servers are there ?
What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
How come light bulbs go out ?
For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
How far out is the universe ?
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
How many bones are there in the human hand ?
What is hydrogen ?
What is recruitment interview technique ?
How does a hurricane form ?
What does the donation process entail ?
How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
How many people watch network television ?
How do birds have sex ?
How many horses are there on a polo team ?
What is Occam 's Razor ?
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
How is thalassemia defined ?
What is a storm surge ?
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
How is cologne made ?
What does camera-ready art mean ?
How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
What time of year do most people fly ?
What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
When is the Thai New Year ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
How far can a human eye see ?
What time of year has the most air travel ?
What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
When did they canonize the Bible ?
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
When did the Carolingian period begin ?
What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
How do movie blues screens work ?
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
What was the Vietnam War ?
What is La Nina ?
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
What is meant by blood SED rate ?
Why is the development of space so important ?
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
What does Aaron mean ?
What is a conifer ?
What is different about the red and black fox ?
What is e-commerce ?
How do I tie a tie ?
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
What is chromatology ?
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
How was the ACLU formed ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
How did Bob Marley die ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
How many Americans have HIV ?
How many teats does a female goat sport ?
How tall is kilamanjaro ?
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
How do microwaves work ?
What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
How is digital audio used ?
What is AFS ?
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
How is bubble wrap made ?
What is Java ?
How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
What is a mathematical factor ?
How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
When did Nixon die ?
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What made Jane Goodall famous ?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
How old was Gene Siskel ?
What can be done about snoring ?
What is porphyria ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
How does blood clot ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
When is a woman most fertile ?
What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
What is he doing now ?
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
How many people in Tucson ?
What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
What is literary criticism ?
How do you throw a housewarming party ?
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
How many years make up a lustrum ?
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
When was the NFL established ?
What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
What is limbo ?
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
What is a tonne ?
What is DEET ?
What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
What is difference between a poster and a print ?
What is false consciousness ?
How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
When was Richard Nixon born ?
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
What is a First World country ?
How does salt melt ice and snow ?
What does laser stand for ?
How far away is the moon ?
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
What is DTMF ?
When did Amtrak begin operations ?
How many bones are in the human hand ?
How many chemical elements are there ?
What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
What happens to used motor oil ?
How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
What does JESSICA mean ?
What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
What is Boston Kreme ?
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
What is a swatch ?
What does Ouija mean ?
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
What is a caul ?
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
What is a bone marrow transplant ?
What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
What is home banking ?
How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
How do you stop junk snail mail ?
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
What is hydroelectricity ?
How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
How many islands make up Antigua ?
How does an abacus work ?
What causes rust ?
What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
What is splatterpunk ?
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
What is time ?
How many states have a lottery ?
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How many cities are there in Utah ?
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
What is the population of Mexico ?
How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
What is a cake of soap ?
In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What does MSG stand for ?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
When was the Congress of Vienna ?
What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
How old is Benny Carter ?
What is idealab ! ?
What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
What is Win Rah ?
Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
What does VCR stand for ?
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
How do boats float ?
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
What is an urban legend ?
How many liberty bells have there been ?
What is Smartnet ?
What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
What is the feudal system ?
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
CNN is an acronym for what ?
What is the origin of the name Igor ?
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
What is the difference between a college and a university ?
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
What effect does a prism have on light ?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
What is software piracy ?
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
What are some children 's rights ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
How do you make dumplings ?
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
What is thermal equilibrium ?
What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
How many neurons are in the human brain ?
How is an executioner determined ?
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
What is Doegs ?
How long does a fly live ?
How many pounds are there in a stone ?
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
How do you select wine ?
How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What is infomatics ?
What is the purpose of BIOS ?
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
What does NASA stand for ?
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
What is a pig in a poke ?
What is a cullion ?
What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
What is barnstorming ?
What was the importance of Magellan ?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
What date is Boxing Day ?
How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
What is a leper ?
What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
What debts did Qintex group leave ?
What is a philanthropist ?
What is a portal ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
How many types of cheese are there in France ?
How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
How many websites are there in the world ?
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
How do they produce vitamins ?
What does idle mean ?
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
What is a serigraph ?
What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
How many verses are in the Bible ?
What is endometriosis ?
What is a geoscientist ?
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
What does BTU mean ?
What is the VDRL test of blood ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
Why is hockey so violent ?
What is a leaky heart valve ?
How can I give myself a French manicure ?
What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
What is the pig population of the world ?
How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
What are the Low Countries ?
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
What exactly is radiation ?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
When was child labor abolished ?
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
What is osteichthyes ?
How do you do a topic outline ?
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
How many millimeters are in a mile ?
How big is a baby bald eagle ?
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
What does the term glory hole mean ?
What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
What do insects do through their spiracles ?
What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
What does the name Calder mean ?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
What is Archimedes famous for ?
How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
What is cunnilingus ?
What is object-oriented design ?
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
What is the population of Kansas ?
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
What does verdandi mean ?
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
How can you define time ?
What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
What does HIV stand for ?
How is plastic made ?
How do ants have sex ?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
What is HDLC ?
What is a nematode ?
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
What is the average time to kiss somene ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
What does the word affiant mean ?
How big is Australia ?
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
What does the word terrorism mean ?
What does N est-ce pas mean ?
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
How can I get a CCT diagram ?
What is a plant supplement ?
How do you do a bibliography page ?
How loud is thunder ?
What is an ecological niche ?
Where did the term fireplug come from ?
What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
How many elephants are left on earth ?
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
What is a drought ?
What are the benefits of home school ?
What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
How do companies cut paper so thin ?
What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
How many different countries export coffee ?
How many continents are there ?
What is office automation ?
What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
How do wasps make their nests ?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
What happened to Pompeii ?
How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
What is the definition of a witch ?
What are the cookies in Internet ?
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
Why are so many umbrellas black ?
How many school districts are there in the United States ?
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
What does snafu stand for ?
How much iron is in your body ?
What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How do cameras take pictures ?
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How old is Britney Spears ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
What is proposition 98 about ?
Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
What makes salt ?
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
How high is the city of Denver ?
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
What is lung cancer ?
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
What causes an earthquake ?
What does `` saute '' mean ?
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
How tall is Prince Charles ?
What is the weight of air ?
What is ouzo ?
What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
What is making love ?
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
What is a urologist ?
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
How many pins are used in skittles ?
What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
What is the history of the hairdryer ?
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
How many types of lemurs are there ?
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
How do you make a million bucks ?
What is the population of the United States ?
What is the definition of spamming ?
What does IQ stand for ?
When did the American Civil War end ?
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
How big is the Electoral College ?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
How does a bill become law ?
What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
What is a disaccharide ?
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
How do you buy stocks ?
What does appropriates money mean ?
How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
What is a `` False Moon '' ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
How can I get rich quick ?
How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
When did Nixon visit China ?
What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
What is RAM in the computer ?
What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
What are dingoes ?
How can I get someone 's email address ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
In what year was the Wall built ?
What are pomegranates ?
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
How do they find an epicenter ?
When was Christ born ?
What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
What makes you fat ?
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
What is the world record for the longest hair ?
How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
How does James Bond like his martinis ?
What is a wet dream ?
What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
How much does one ton of cement cost ?
What is a Mexican hairless ?
How did Socrates die ?
How many sides does an obelisk have ?
How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
In what year was the cannon invented ?
How many languages does the Pope speak ?
What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
What is SVHS ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
What is SAP ?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
How many eyes does a bat have ?
What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
What is power steering ?
How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
How many maids were milking ?
What geological time do we live in ?
How do you dunk ?
How do plants make food ?
How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
When was China 's first nuclear test ?
Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
How do I find a snowboarding website ?
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
What is a turnkey contract ?
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
Why is the mile 528 feet ?
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
When was the bar-code invented ?
How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
What is InterLata Internet service ?
What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What does BMW stand for ?
What is a biologist ?
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
How can I get started in writing for television ?
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
What is LMDS ?
How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
How many people live in cities ?
How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
How can SQL queries be improved ?
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
How do you make a computer chip ?
What is Linux ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
What is agent orange ?
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
How many people own pets ?
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
How many Marx Brothers were there ?
How tall is the Matterhorn ?
When was Babe Ruth born ?
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
What is the origin of music ?
What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
How much in miles is a ten K run ?
When was Beethoven born ?
What does seccession mean ?
What will the weather be today ?
How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
What is the Golden Rule ?
How does color affect a person psychologically ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
What is sound ?
What are the current immigration laws in US ?
Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
What is the origin of infinity ?
What are the side effects of mevacor ?
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
How often are brain cells replaced ?
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
What year did Charles Dicken die ?
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
How was Lawrence
How do I know if I am pregnant ?
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
Where did the name root beer come from ?
What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
What 's the state motto of California ?
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
What does the acronym CPR mean ?
What are the Baltic States ?
How many endangered species are there in the world ?
How has TV affected our society ?
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
What is osmosis ?
How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
What are the seven deadly sins ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
What does the name Melissa mean ?
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
What does RCA stand for ?
Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
What is the first day of the week ?
What is goulash ?
How does a parachute work ?
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
What is object-oriented design ?
What does Melissa mean ?
What is form drag ?
What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
How can I stop or slow down aging ?
How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
How tall was the animated King Kong ?
What are values ?
What is the population of Japan ?
How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
How many events make up the decathlon ?
What causes blue balls ?
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
How did the months of the year get there name ?
What is a glory hole ?
What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
How does it make its colors ?
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What is the weather like on the moon ?
How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
How many people hike ?
What are boxcars ?
How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
How do I love thee ?
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
What are binomial coefficients ?
What was The Living Room War ?
What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
What year did Montana become a state ?
When was the USSR dissolved ?
Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
What is an Angelus ?
How many objects orbit the Earth ?
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
What makes sperm ?
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What is the cause of endangered species ?
How many islands does Fiji have ?
What is the definition of cecum ?
How do I do this ?
What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
What are Fortune 500 companies ?
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
How do you fix squeaky floors ?
When was the Big Thompson flood ?
What good are mosquitoes ?
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
What is the Peloponnesian League ?
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
What are tannins ?
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
How many muscles does an oyster have ?
What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
What is Sinn Fein ?
What is Megan 's law ?
What is usenet for the Internet ?
What are field effect transistors ?
What is witch hazel ?
Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
What is an auto-commentary ?
What is deconstructionism ?
What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
How is saline used in medicine ?
What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
What is the Internet2 ?
When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
What is the Milky Way ?
What is Remembrance Day all about ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
What is the difference between hair and fur ?
What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
How big is the largest diamond ?
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
How many languages are there in the world ?
What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
What is tyvek ?
How did Asia get its name ?
How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
What is the world population as of today ?
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
What is humidity ?
How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
What is yohimbine ?
What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
How many countries are there ?
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
What happened to Answers.com ?
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
How many yards are in 1 mile ?
What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
What does the name Jenna mean ?
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
How did Edith Bunker die ?
Define Spumante .
What does pH stand for ?
What are geckos ?
What is cosmology ?
How many watts make a kilowatt ?
What is habeas corpus ?
How do you use an intranet ?
How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
What is federal income tax ?
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
When was the Parthenon built ?
What is a common dolphin ?
How is Answers.com funded ?
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What does BUD stand for ?
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
How do you find the area of a circle ?
What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
How do I find a web address for a company ?
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
How old is the universe ?
When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
What does EKG stand for ?
The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
Colin Powell is famous for what ?
How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
What was an `` Asiento '' ?
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
What is Srpska Krajina ?
How was the Kennedy money made ?
What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
How did water appear on the earth ?
What does Robert mean ?
How do anti-locking brakes work ?
How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
What is a hormone ?
What is fellatio ?
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
How were the days of the week named ?
What is fiber in food ?
Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
What is the S&P 500 used for ?
What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
When was Nostradamus born ?
What is nuclear proliferation ?
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
What is the population of the largest Chilean city
Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
What is the English meaning of caliente ?
What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
How tall was the animated Frankenstein
How do you ask questions ?
How can you become an FBI agent ?
How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
How big is the universe actually ?
What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
How many sides does a heptagon have ?
What is idealab ! ?
What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
Why was Curious George curious ?
How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
How many times more than 3
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
What causes headaches ?
When was the first stained glass window made ?
When did swimming become commonplace ?
How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
When does menstruation begin ?
What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
How old was George Washington when he died ?
What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
What does CPR stand for ?
What is an aurora ?
How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
How deep is a fathom ?
When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
What was the Long March in China ?
How many people visit the Pope each month ?
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
How fast can a Corvette go ?
What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
What is a horologist ?
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
How does a submarine operate ?
How is Paraguay for vacations ?
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
What is DSL ?
How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
Define Sinn Fein .
What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
What is probability theory ?
When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
How do you tell somebody you like them ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
How many cullions does a male have ?
What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
When was Microsoft established ?
When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
What is platinum ?
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
Describe the Long March .
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
When did the art of quilting begin ?
Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
What are chloroplasts ?
How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
When did communist control end in Hungary ?
How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
How do you make the color purple ?
How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
How many people live in Chile ?
Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
What is the temperature today ?
What is the temperature for cooking ?

